https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCL7DDQWP6x7wy0O6L5ZIgxg	# 2ndJerma
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCoL8olX-259lS1N6QPyP4IQ	# Action Retro
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCmaEoq1zaakpdudbzgll-zw	# Alva Majo
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC3ts8coMP645hZw9JSD3pqQ	# Andreas Kling
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC1P7uWBazrqughX3FV-KLbA	# Axl Kss
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC6C3PX8hLzueaPWW9nmT85w	# Bill McClintock
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCrfu-6zSLqPK-H_eFEZb9QA	# Billy Cobb
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCld68syR8Wi-GY_n4CaoJGA	# Brodie Robertson
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCXnNibvR_YIdyPs8PZIBoEw	# Cathode Ray Dude [CRD]
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC52hytXteCKmuOzMViTK8_w	# CdeCiencia
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCMbQbVilo-nezMvwf1BZfAA	# CienciaDeSofa
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC06b5TQFFMFZvMakw1QLpQg	# Clark Elieson
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UClq42foiSgl7sSpLupnugGA	# D!NG
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCCoAJ5JYKYTMubpTIsWi70w	# David Hilowitz Music
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCVo63lbKHjC04KqYhwSZ_Pg	# Defunctland
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCNFJQbMjDfxc8pacVPhAtIw	# Ed's Auto Reviews
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC7Ucs42FZy3uYzjrqzOIHsw	# EmpLemon
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCSWMraguMlNanVQgseTTr_Q	# f4mi
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCTBrTjegOyxeKUGcJfjr6cg	# FalseEyeD
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCsBjURrPoezykLs9EqgamOA	# Fireship
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCHZ986wm_sJT6wntdDTIIcw	# FitMC
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCrfKGpvbEQXcbe68dzXgJuA	# Forgotten Weapons
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCnbvPS_rXp4PC21PG2k1UVg	# Gaming Historian
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCScflSOdcArX0i6feJ_blcw	# GRAVEMIND
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCxjcxoY7X0nVMkBNcfAvYJA	# GuileWinQuote
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCGsVaz3QTFdspLqt79jIuPA	# Guinxu
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UClHVl2N3jPEbkNJVx-ItQIQ	# HealthyGamerGG
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCjP-MiAEn9DPvUHNyGEs7Wg	# hochelaga
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC8Q7XEy86Q7T-3kNpNjYgwA	# Incognito Mode
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCR1D15p_vdP3HkrH8wgjQRw	# Internet Historian
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCdZbCqHoPAT5hBuu3y3Qkhw	# Jaime Afterdark
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCa3DVlGH2_QhvwuWlPa6MDQ	# Jaime Altozano
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCkWQ0gDrqOCarmUKmppD7GQ	# JayzTwoCents
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCR-DXc1voovS8nhAvccRZhg	# Jeff Geerling
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCdJdEguB1F1CiYe7OEi3SBg	# JonTronShow
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCb9E-KHnJtc_l0zshqGwBQg	# Jörmungandr
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCg3qsVzHeUt5_cPpcRtoaJQ	# 圧倒的不審者の極み!
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCEwl20VxZ3AwOgiKMZtI1GQ	# La Capital
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCLx053rWZxCiYWsBETgdKrQ	# LGR
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCw_Sxdt27ASqErScT4Rlj8A	# LGR Blerbs
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCXuqSBlHAE6Xw-yeJA0Tunw	# Linus Tech Tips
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2eYFnH61tmytImy1mTYvhA	# Luke Smith
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC0KfjyvabuE2J-RBC6ko2Lw	# Mac Address
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCa3u-iJrOFRk-or90xId9Cw	# MajorSamm
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCZ99bYEb57kXEIaSALrj_6A	# Max Power
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCp4G83RMBDN0EgZFSUDK7zw	# Meica Ch.
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCjZ1GHeBy9Q29FHpWXpHisg	# MeiCortitos
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC7YOGHUfC1Tb6E4pudI9STA	# Mental Outlaw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCPIBtu2SBuW_VFHwKwDOtYg	# minimme
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCExlOjz0OJhOD_eO1DOId6Q	# MOONSHINE ANIMATIONS
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC1D3yD4wlPMico0dss264XA	# NileBlue
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCFhXFikryT4aFcLkLw2LBLA	# NileRed
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2-SP1bYi3ueKlVU7I75wFw	# Noel's Retro Lab
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCj4zC1Hfj-uc90FUXzRamNw	# Phoenix SC
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCmEmX_jw_pRp5UbAdzkZq-g	# Posy
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCMOqf8ab-42UUQIdVoKwjlQ	# Practical Engineering
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCbdSYaPD-lr1kW27UJuk8Pw	# QuantumFracture
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCct9aR7HC79Cv2g-9oDOTLw	# ReligionForBreakfast
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UClY084mbGLK_SLlOfgizjow	# SalC1
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC5UYMeKfZbFYnLHzoTJB1xA	# Schaffrillas Productions
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCW6xlqxSY3gGur4PkGPEUeA	# Seytonic
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCpXwMqnXfJzazKS5fJ8nrVw	# shiey
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCeyPVK1HTNjwurYn1_cfhJw	# Smokerwolf
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCR6LasBpceuYUhuLToKBzvQ	# Solar Sands
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCtUbO6rBht0daVIOGML3c8w	# Summoning Salt
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC-sJ8u8eu_ivfzekwkue38g	# Super GT
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCsaGKqPZnGp_7N80hcHySGQ	# Tasting History with Max Miller
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCy0tKL1T7wFoYcxCe0xjN6Q	# Technology Connections
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UClRwC5Vc8HrB6vGx6Ti-lhA	# Technology Connextras
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCvJS1ATO9dcQ0r2u0KJ0PPg	# ThaRixer
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC8uT9cgJorJPWu7ITLGo9Ww	# The 8-Bit Guy
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCylGUf9BvQooEFjgdNudoQg	# The Linux Cast
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC5UAwBUum7CPN5buc-_N1Fw	# The Linux Experiment
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCo8bcnLyZH8tBIH9V1mLgqQ	# TheOdd1sOut
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC8ENHE5xdFSwx71u3fDH5Xw	# ThePrimeagen
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCeR0n8d3ShTn_yrMhpwyE1Q	# TheReportOfTheWeek
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCEp20NgOZHmgWdbQdHSxgjw	# This Does Not Compute
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCBa659QWEk1AI4Tg--mrJ2A	# Tom Scott
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCxr2d4As312LulcajAkKJYw	# Townsends
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCOuWeOkMrq84u5LY6apWQ8Q	# TREY the Explainer
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCLkTF30pU2c32zxHqPKYQLg	# Triple-Q
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCdwdFOhBP9CoAOlHDTmTxaw	# Un Mundo Inmenso
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCHsqqRjziUaMwZgQZHw-n1w	# Uri Tuchman
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCHnyfMqiRRG1u-2MsSQLbXA	# Veritasium
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCV-q8rkVhtR6E4wv_DVM6Lg	# Vivec
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCwBznQk3ngLvis8zsTTHcZw	# Voctor
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC6nSFpj9HTCZ5t-N3Rm3-HA	# Vsauce
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC3cpN6gcJQqcCM6mxRUo_dA	# Wendigoon
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCxXu9tCU63mF1ntk89XPkzA	# Worthikids
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCT6iAerLNE-0J1S_E97UAuQ	# YongYea
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCpGk56cJDZcVqIxZatX7nbQ	# からめる
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC255Rn7IJA-HWQqTUZuW2og	# ラムクッキー　Ramen&Cookies
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCO_aKKYxn4tvrqPjcTzZ6EQ	vtuber	# Ceres Fauna Ch. hololive-EN
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCoSrY_IQQVpmIRZ9Xf-y93g	vtuber	# Gawr Gura Ch. hololive-EN
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCgmPnx-EEeOrZSg5Tiw7ZRQ	vtuber	# Hakos Baelz Ch. hololive-EN
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC8rcEBzJSleTkf_-agPM20g	vtuber	# IRyS Ch. hololive-EN
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCL_qhgtOy0dy1Agp8vkySQg	vtuber	# Mori Calliope Ch. hololive-EN
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC3n5uGu18FoCy23ggWWp8tA	vtuber	# Nanashi Mumei Ch. hololive-EN
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCMwGHR0BTZuLsmjY_NT5Pwg	vtuber	# Ninomae Ina'nis Ch. hololive-EN
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCmbs8T6MWqUHP1tIQvSgKrg	vtuber	# Ouro Kronii Ch. hololive-EN
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCHsx4Hqa-1ORjQTh9TYDhww	vtuber	# Takanashi Kiara Ch. hololive-EN
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCyl1z3jo3XHR1riLFKG5UAg	vtuber	# Watson Amelia Ch. hololive-EN
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2hx0xVkMoHGWijwr_lA01w	vtuber	# Axel Syrios Ch. HOLOSTARS-EN
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC7gxU6NXjKF1LrgOddPzgTw	vtuber	# Banzoin Hakka Ch. HOLOSTARS-EN
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCHP4f7G2dWD4qib7BMatGAw	vtuber	# Gavis Bettel Ch. HOLOSTARS-EN
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCMqGG8BRAiI1lJfKOpETM_w	vtuber	# Josuiji Shinri Ch. HOLOSTARS-EN
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC060r4zABV18vcahAWR1n7w	vtuber	# Machina X Flayon Ch. HOLOSTARS-EN
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC7MMNHR-kf9EN1rXiesMTMw	vtuber	# Magni Dezmond Ch. HOLOSTARS-EN
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCDRWSO281bIHYVi-OV3iFYA	vtuber	# Noir Vesper Ch. HOLOSTARS-EN
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCyxtGMdWlURZ30WSnEjDOQw	vtuber	# Regis Altare Ch. HOLOSTARS-EN
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCcIcMRVpNqWQn4WnDhRASAw	vtuber	# Yuko Yurei Ch. idol-EN
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCJ46YTYBQVXsfsp8-HryoUA	vtuber	# Pipkin Pippa Ch.【Phase Connect】
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC3K7pmiHsNSx1y0tdx2bbCw	vtuber	# Tenma Ch. マエミ 天満 【Phase Connect】
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCN68LoM3khS4gdBMiWJO8WA	vtuber	# Aia Amare 【NIJISANJI EN】
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCkieJGn3pgJikVW8gmMXE2w	vtuber	# Nina Kosaka【NIJISANJI EN】
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC4WvIIAo89_AzGUh1AZ6Dkg	vtuber	# Rosemi Lovelock【NIJISANJI EN】
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCFgXWZOUZA2oYHNr6qDmsTQ	vtuber	# Scarle Yonaguni 【NIJISANJI EN】
